[ X ]
Dear Students,Wish you all the best.
Log In Here »
Administration

JAI BAJRANG INTERMEDIATE COLLEGE
RAMNAGAR-AMBEDKAR NAGAR

Home About_Us Gallery Infrastructure Feedback Notice Download Contact Us 

You Are Here » Home » About Us

 Image
Jai Bajrang Intermediate College, Ramnagar-Ambedkar Nagar is a renowned institute based upon the principles of patriot, great intellect and great moral values.It is situated at Ramnagar Alapur Ambedkar Nagar, 4 kilometres far from the holy river saryu .It is affilicated with Uttar Pradesh Madhyamic Shiksha Parishad Allahabad and providing education in science stream up to intermediate level. It is also related with Vidya Bharti Akhil Bhartiya Shiksha Sansthan through Bhartiya Shiksha Samiti Uttar Pradesh. Starting from a small group of 400 students, the school now has more than 2855 students 70 full time teaching staff. In the last 32 years the school has made great progress in all fields yet these remains much that needs to be achieved and attained.Jai Bajrang Shiksha Samiti is governing over the reputed institutions as Jai Bajrang Intermediate college, VJV College of Technology, Jai Bajrang Bal Vidya Mandir, Jai Bajrang Public School and Jai Bajrang Girls P.G.College.All the above mentioned institutions are providing better results and cultivating among the students moral values and ethies in proper  manner to make them dutiful.We are also trying to develop the sense of service handworks and readiness for society and love for motherland, in the leadership of Mr.Anjani Kumar Verma, Manager and Mr.Rajendra Prasad Singh, principal of JBIC.
   
Our Mission & Vision

 
Present century is the span of time where education is the system of refining man's life experience. Each experience of life is called education.Our mission is the all-round development of students inner powers, mind and body. History is witness that the institution has produced the students according to the need of time. Science and technology is growing very fast so we have a keen eye upon every nook and corner of academics we always remain aware of even changing circumstances incidents and remain updated to the current challenges .Due to setback of no practical knowledge the education is like building without foundation. So we try to grow the hidden natural, scientific talent and logical thinking and ability to invention because the globalization is taking place rapidly.It is our duty to develop these qualities in student to make them compatible, so that they may be able to survive and compete in the world.We have taken the mission of creating individuals who are confident about their potential,diligent to work towards their goals, sensitive to their environment and above all co-erectors of their own destiny. Our endeavor is to enable each students to identify and empathized with the society, he belongs to and contributes to it in his own way.

 
JBIC © 2016 - All Rights ReservedDesigned & Developed by Abhishek Kumar. Mobile No:9795275143